Do not be swayed by the term conspiracy theory and stop yourselves from suspecting the world is so rotten that there are collusions between governments and businesses. Perhaps more importantly, between governments that are critical of each other.

TLDR
My passport still being withheld and I couldn’t find any help.

18 months since the government of Lithuania faked the examination of my asylum applications but actually created an environment to facilitate and participate in continuing what the Chinese Communist Party was doing. Including ridiculing and discrediting the accusations against them.

They know to hide what they are doing, but they continue anyway, only care to make sure there is not enough evidences. Sounds like I am talking about some criminal gangs. But I am talking about the government of Lithuania and the Chinese Communist Party.

There might be more countries involved.

The degree might be different. But what is happening to me here has the same nature of the disregard of human rights and human dignity that the Chinese Communist Party is known for.

It implies that the inaction of countries against the atrocity of the Chinese Communist Party might not really mean they don't have proof or means to stop it, but are actually supportive to it.

To name a few what both the government of Lithuania and the Chinese Communist Party do:
1. Invasive surveillance. Including the most private spaces. They are addicted in abusing the technologies available to them. Do not refrain. Probably worsening the lack of empathy (can be in form of thinking that you should be thankful that they haven't done worse) that has always existed among those with or related to power. The range of its applications and the evils derived from it are extremely wide. As a victim that is experiencing it first hand, I will say that it is beyond my description and most likely I haven't realise all their abuses yet.
2. Organised social pressure. This is used in multiple ways. From social engineering to gaslighting. Using mutual admiration to gain trust or defend each other. It probably doesn't only apply outward but also reinforce their belief that what they do are normal and acceptable. 
3. Stalking and recording. The Chinese Communist Party did this. The government of Lithuania is also doing this. Not only from behind but also time to appear in other positions, including waiting from around corners and behind doors.
3a. Send women to walk in front of you. (Since I am male, probably would use other sex according to the sexual orientation of the target.) Not sure if anyone would wonder what harm there is. I will say there are more than one purpose, none of which is not sick. Am I talking about criminal organisations? I am talking about governmental organisations. The Chinese Communist Party did this. The government of Lithuania is also doing this.
4. Abuse of power. I was literally laughed at for following rules. Also, with power comes the sense of superior. They disregard contexts and reasons. Questions are sins that they take as offends and justification of their further power abuses.



20231106 

Was told that someone was coming to fix the ceiling by some social workers. Tried to make it easy for the workers that were supposed to do the job by putting things the linens and clothes into the wardrobe. But what happened when I was away was something else. The room was in the middle of something but nobody was in there when I returned. Things in the room were moved. My bed in the middle of the room. My things under the bed was taken out. Someone else jacket was in the closet. (There was another detail). Questioned what was happening when they came. They only wanted to pretend the ceiling was the problem and talked about clean. Why would it be necessary to trick me into leaving the room? And there are still the door knocking, opening and closing without any interaction or at most saying a few irreverent words.

The social worker appeared to be close to tears. With all the things that had happened (in the past 18 months), still thought that the social worker is not the culprit and tried to tell the officer who spoke English to tell her the problem was not with her. Apparently I was being foolish again.

Maybe I will describe more details later. All in all, they again do not admit there is any problem and terminated with talking about the ceiling.



About a month ago there were implications that the worst has yet to come and that I might be allowed to live, but not with human dignity. Those are not empty threats. In fact they are already doing it. They only have to continue. For eighteen months I was treated like an animals. Monitored even in bed and other strictly private places. And that's not the only reason, I am not saying this lightly.

They also accuse me, including in the decision of my asylum application, of things that are literally reversing the causality. Even said that the Chinese Communist Party only persecutes high profile actors. What bullshit.

From the beginning thought that here would be my second home until I no longer doubt that they are continued what the Chinese Communist Party has been doing. Thought that I would call it a good cause had I been accepted as a volunteer for Ukraine and died side by side with those who defend their homeland. Received no response and came to its neighbour to seek asylum as I sensed still being followed. Treated as horseshit by this neighbour.

Thought that the others here were also refugees and tried to be empathy, only to be exploited for harassment, mockeries provocations and insults. I have long said that it’s almost like there is no real human. What I did had little to do with their attitude towards me. Every interaction, well, actually there no interaction, every day, what they were going to say or do to me was decided without me being a factor before we saw each other. Now they want to say it is my problem.

Tried to communicate with English and app translation. 95% people said that they didn't speak English. Communication through app translation was also often declined. Now they accuse me of refusing to communicate.

Tried to learn Lithuanian by myself soon after I arrived at the camp. Received few responses when I tried to exchange with simple phrases. Got fake Lithuanian classes that are consisted of harassment. Now they want to say that I do not learn the language.

Tried to find a job when they gave me a card, though it was already quite clear they were helping the Chinese Communist Party . Not only where I looked for jobs but everywhere the people were given information about me. Now they want to say that I do not look for jobs.

I don't know how perverted one has to be if they really believe what they say.

I don't know if any of them are being told only selective information. The truth is all these accusations, like how they tried to talk only about the ceiling, are a misdirection from what they are doing, and at the same time to accuse me of causing problems.

They are still withholding my passport but repeatedly talked about going to other countries. Told me to write "applications" for all kinds of things but not replying.

I still study every day but I actually doubt a lot if I will ever get to use it. I don't know how to get out of this. I might have some idea about what have in mind. Things most likely won't end up alright for me, but I don't think it will be what they think it will be either. But they lose nothing. They are doing all these on the expense of my human rights and human dignity. By abusing power, they are using my life against me.

They probably won't consider themselves murderers as long as they do not do the physical killing. There was a period they appeared to be thinking if I would commit suicide. But the dehumanisation didn't stop, what they did was merely to create "evidences" to say that they were not responsible, just like they are most likely going to create evidences to say that they haven't faked the examination of my asylum application to satisfy their (all parties included) desires of making me miserable, treating me as an animal to feeling superior, exploiting me as an object for entertainment, using me as a human subject to refine their methods of surveillance, harassment and exploitation.



20231107

Seems that the better side of me is once again being exploited.
