20230329
I realize just now there was an organised taunt for physical conflict yesterday, assholes.

When I was taking shower there were numerous movements outside the door. Later, someone came into the next shower with a loud music and I asked him to turn down the volume. It felt strange because someone else responded with a language I don't speak, possibly Russian, and knocked on the door where I was. My request was ignored. Happened there were still at least 2 other persons aside from the one taking shower with loud music in and around the shower room when I came out about 10 minutes after.

There were two things that could be relative.

I have mentioned before that I increased my exercises including punching and kicking ever since I experienced physical intimidation last year. You probably could imagine, with the harassment, which is an overly spiflicated word for everything I have mentioned, it also is a way for me to somewhat release the negative energy. I can only do it to hard materials like the walls because there is no punch bag now. Of course that's not appealing and I don't do it too often. Happens I have done that recently, including yesterday. And then, remember the surveillance and the created hierarchical sense. This could be a factor for the taunt.

Another is that there was likely a drama played by a black and some kitchen staff yesterday. Of course it was nothing new, so old that I don't pay attention to them anymore. But I asked if they were implying something yesterday when they played right in front of me. I asked them to talk directly if they wanted to say something because I didn't understand what they meant. They pulled the old don't speak much English trick again. They asked to use the translator on their phone and at last denied that there was an implication. I doubt that, but I am never one who looks for troubles, so I didn't say anything more. I am afraid this is accumulable and is exactly why I am having so much troubles. Anyway, there are two things to note.
1. Judging from their responses, they might not know very well what they were talking about either.
2. But they probably don't care. Say something, avoid real conversation, feel justified. It's not unfamiliar.

How many times we have seen the same not only on media that people can firmly support even atrocities. They don't care, because they are not the ones who suffer (yet).

But the true culprits hide behind.



Some other things.
Not long ago they used the kids as tools excessively again.
Had a few more Lithuanian lessons, sadly my previous comment still hold.
Increasingly hate talking, almost every conversation seemed to be designed for something else. Unbelievable, and unbelievably sick.
Have hard time finding a job, partly because of the requirements. Btw, what happened in HK probably will happen again. At least some of the local businesses were informed about me when I asked if they had a vacancy shop by shop shortly after I got the work permit.
Had multiple health issues lately. There were a few things that could be the reasons.

There are probably some other notable things. Really hate writing this.