20240131

This afternoon 2 officers came to my room talked about a football and asked me to show them the ball and kind of searched the room.* I thought it was about the noise of my exercise (punching against a mattress) and told them about it. (edit: With the dehumanising surveillance they could not have mistaken. I actually am not if someone complained.)

Although I talked to them about it, saying that I have already limited it to short periods in the afternoon only, I have a bad feeling that it was meant for something else.

There were suggestions like doing it against the floor and doing it in the toilet.

There were also some strange questions like if I go to the kitchen (the hall for food) for food, which I replied I do.

It is perhaps a very unreasonable thing for me to remaining so reasonable. Considering that for 21 months I have been treated as a lower being, harassed and provoked daily among other more serious things. When I do not doubt there are people suffering worse tortures. What I am suffering here is a torture nonetheless.



I am getting accusations of some serious things during this period when they refuse to give me back my passport and let me leave, with requirements that very much exist because of them and are controlled by them. And with shut doors after saying what they want to say. With prohibition of recording by me, but recorded without telling me, which was even denied before, focused on my face, too.

So basically they are forcing this imprisonment. Doing it in a way, I can't come up with a milder appropriate description, disregarding me being a human with human feelings. Even though I explicitly reminded them I am a human, like it is necessary, even though I told them I feel tortured, it still continues.

As always, there are more, including some strange things happening to my body. It increasingly worries me that I won't be able to leave safely.

Edit: It is already a reality that I am not able to leave. And I am continued to be monitored like an animal. My privacy being exposed against my will to pretty much everyone I can see. Unable to contact any genuine entity.

Another abhorrent thing is that they believe by citing or implying "baby", all these will be automatically justified. This is worse than dealing with primary school kids. At least primary school kids do not have this kind of power to abuse.

Another strange thing is that I seem to hear more Russian than Lithuanian. There was also someone kind of shouted at me "speak Russian" before.*
