About two weeks ago I questioned why they are so obsessed with my arousal and told them to stop manipulating my health. Hoped that they would realise it was very perverted. (Observed via surveillance over private spaces such as my bed, under the blanket. No, I wasn't doing anything. Dude, I know they are watching.)


20240206
Went to the Migration Department to asked to get back my passport and leave to seek safety elsewhere again.

They asked which country I am going to. I said I cannot decide in advance because it will allow the persecutors to prepare their persecution. (It is naïve to think that it can help much, but better than nothing I guess.) It was actually discussed via email already. They said that if I don't tell them maybe I am going to hide somewhere (in some Schengen country). I replied if I plan to hide telling them a country name won't help. If I lie I can just name a random country. 

They originally asked me to write a letter for that but ended up didn't. Also, they originally said that they will give me a document for that but ended up didn't. At least they returned my passport and agreed that I can leave to seek safety outside the Schengen area, with about 14 days to pass through it.



20240207
It's clear that I am leaving soon. Yet for some reason on this day's morning 5 people came to my room to talk about changing bedsheets and using hygiene products, which can go back to the beginning, before I realised how I am treated. Didn't let me record it. When talked about what happened, the same interpreter again said that it was because I was aggressive. It was at best mixing things up.


Found someone to help me buy a ticket online since I don't have a usable card. It was originally agreed but later refused. When asked for the reason, I was told that the (foreigner’s registration) centre told them not to help me.

Asked the centre for the reason and if it means that I cannot leave. They denied having done that and said that the people outside do not speak English. At the end they said if the Migration Department said I can leave then I can leave.

Some questions they asked are do I have money*, do I need a ticket, and why am I so eager to leave.


Aside from some other terms like inspector, which up until now nobody answered what it means, I find another term seem to be mentioned many times already in an opposite way, but I am again the one that is affected if I have not mistaken. It has been at least a while already, I have not mentioned it because it should have almost nothing to do with me. At best it was actually from the upper-class citizens (oh wait, I am not even a citizen), although I recited to describe what happened when asking what's up. But chance is that the real source is themselves, and they are faking it as an excuse.


For some reason almost every time (not exaggerated) when they talk to me there is something strange and I am always slow to realise that it can be twisted into something terribly wrong. Especially this time.


Also, it seems that every time I tried to believe in humanity, I will soon be led to regret it.


Including not allowing me to record, lately I have been reminded a lot about what happened here. And this "reminded" is in a way very different from the normal way when we would feel reminded.


The first time was maybe months ago. There was something... never mind. There will be too much to write.

Hopefully all these will end soon. Hopefully there will be no need to write this kind of thing again. Hopefully I can write about reaching safety next time. Hopefully...
