二零二二年十一月十一日
尋日就見到同層好多人執嘢走，今朝先有人嚟同我講調去一樓或二樓，調咗去間不思議な猫慣常被困嘅二個窗其中一個下面 。我執晒嘢之後同我講調房個軍裝話我原本間房我最後一個走，叫我執埋其他人留低啲嘢。因為之前就已經幾次嘢就冇我份，手尾、清潔就叫我（再加上一大堆我之前已經有講過一部份嘅其他嚴重得多嘅事），覺得唔應該再冇所謂於是拒絕咗。但去咗搵原本啲同房執搵唔到後，返到去見到啲姐姐喺度執時，都係幫咗手將袋垃圾拎落樓。

調完房見到大量傳說中的電熱水壼，新房入面就有三個，個同房瞓緊覺都特登同我講啲水壺係佢嘅。廚房入面亦終於見到有個，同日有人派茶葉，我話唔需要我嗰份，多謝，但其實可能我表錯情。

調完房冇幾耐不思議な猫又喺我樓上窗外被困。佢似乎又凍又攰，少有咁黐人，仲一瞓就瞓咗5個鐘，然後食完嘢返嚟又瞓。越來越懷疑有人困佢出去。

介紹埋隻小氣貓。有次我抱住另一隻貓時佢走埋嚟鬧咗我兩聲然後行走，行到半路又擰轉頭鬧多聲。（諗太多）
P.S. 為咗佢稍為撩過下垃圾桶。

最後補返上次冇貼嘅相同翻譯。

Prieglobsčio prašytojams, išskyrus prieglobsčio prašytojus, dėl kurių priimamas Migracijos departamento sprendimas įleisti į Lietuvos Respubliką ir šis sprendimas dar nėra priimtas, gyvenantiems Lietuvos Respublikos institucijų paskritose laikino apgyvendinimo arba sulaikymo vietose, socialinės apsaugos ir darbo ministro ir vidaus reikalų ministro nustatyta tvarka kas mėnesį mokama 10 procentų valstybės remiamų pajamų dydžio piniginė pašalpa. Ši pašalpa mokama nuo prašymo gauti piniginę pašalpą socialinės apsaugos ir darbo ministro nustatyta tvarka pateikimo dienos.

/機譯A：
Asylum seekers, with the exception of asylum seekers who are the subject of a decision of the Migration Department to be admitted to the Republic of Lithuania and who have not yet been the subject of such a decision, residing in temporary accommodation or detention places designated by the authorities of the Republic of Lithuania, in accordance with the procedure laid down by the Minister for Social Security and Labour and the Minister for the Interior, a cash benefit equal to 10 per cent of the State-supported income shall be paid monthly. This allowance shall be paid from the date of submission of the application for a cash benefit in accordance with the procedure laid down by the Minister for Social Security and Labour.

機譯B：
Asylum seekers, with the exception of asylum seekers, who are the subject of a decision of the Migration Department to enter the Republic of Lithuania and this decision has not yet been adopted, residing in places of temporary accommodation or detention drowned by the authorities of the Republic of Lithuania, in accordance with the procedure established by the Minister of Social Security and Labour and the Minister of the Interior, a monthly cash allowance of 10 percent of the amount of state-supported income is paid. This allowance shall be paid from the date of submission of the application for the cash allowance in accordance with the procedure established by the Minister of Social Security and Labour.
