For what reason do you write daily?

I am an unremarkable man. Writing daily was not something I would do. There was nothing interesting about me. Nothing worth noting. So why I am writing daily now? There is still nothing about me. But there might be something about this world we are all living in.

I left my home city when there were ubiquitous surveillance and harassment for me. No device seemed to be safe and private. Every employment either made non-sense requirements or offered reduced salary. A very large portion of people I met, from teachers to passers-by, kept referencing my activities or history they shouldn't know, including what I did at home with all door and windows covered. My home would be invaded when I was out. Restaurants and takeaway shops tried to put things into my food. You can tell I am not proud to say this, but chance is that I have eaten literal human shits, piss or other unmentionable things before I noticed, or rather, believed. There were many other harassments that affected almost every aspects of my life, even when I went to public toilet. But I believe what I mentioned were reasons enough to leave already. Not to mention the chance of forced disappearance or accusation of having psychological problems. Was the chance of dying high back there? Not really. Was there chance to live as a human with dignity? I didn't see any. Unless your dignity allows you to bend and be corrupted. That's what happens when you home is ruled by a People Repressing Circle.

I lived on social security before I left, and saved money by keeping food variety minimal. I knew it would be extremely hard to get an employment in foreign lands without work permit so joining the volunteer army (International Legion) for Ukraine seemed to be the most valid option for me (or other volunteer groups if they could at least provide the basic needs for living). Imagine that you are looking to volunteer but you also need help yourself, it felt kind of bad to be honest. But I needed the change and they needed manpower (at least that's what I believed), and believe or not, I considered about joining even before that, although I am not so sure now. Let there be no mistake, it is not that I realize it is dangerous just now. I thought that more likely than not I wouldn't live to see the peace if they accept me and I might not even have the chance to get into a crossfire. But then it seemed to be a worthy cause as well as one of the very few options I had. I am not a resourceful man. I went to the Embassy of Ukraine in Warsaw for application. They gave me the email address volunteersforua@gmail.com.

I left after about a week of waiting without response. I know it was short but my finance was limited and I didn't feel safe waiting there. More troubles had happened as I took the flight, subtler harassments were there in Warsaw, and I was not confident with my devices, not even with the one I bought after departing my homeland. If going back still seemed considerable when I booked the flight, it became out of the question when the troubles kept coming as I left. I decided to go to Lithuania to seek asylum.

There is not too much content on these pages, but they can supplement one another.
https://github.com/locharp/asylum_daily/tree/main/txt
https://twitter.com/Lochard48916902?t=oWlE49QMP1kQiwoc4uTpWA&s=09
https://www.publish0x.com/@Lochard
https://matters.news/@lochardpatri
https://vocus.cc/user/6316e4f6fd89780001b56075
