There are not too many things to do here. Working out became one of my daily activities, including punching and kicking a sandbag.

I almost felt like I should be thankful that I was allowed to board my flight even though there were troubles in the process. Although it might be just that they are so confident that I will remain within their clutch. And indeed that's what I feel.

That's also why I am writing as things come to my mind. Instead of writing in a more organized way. I am sorry if some of these things seem random, but there are actually reasons most of the time.


I have thought about what gets me all the attentions, as I said, I am just an unremarkable nobody. Would it be one or more of my theories or criticism?

Here is one of them.

Why should we suppose that the influential such as the politicians and entrepreneurs, won't work together to have everything, including us, the other humans, controlled? Why should we suppose that the news agencies are safeguarding the truth for us instead of fooling us? Why should we believe whole-heartly, for example, two companies in the same field are really in competition, rather than putting up shows to have us believe we, the consumers, have choices? The heads of two "competitive companies" might very well sleep in the same bed when we cannot see. The same can apply on other areas, such as countries and international organizations.

I admit all these sound non-productive. Even if they are what are happening, what the solution is?

For example, if one day, when the "infrastructures" are enough to have everyone tightly controlled. The governments around the world show their true colour. Democracy is actually a fairy-tale. Who will be on our side? The entrepreneurs? The NGOs? What tools do we have in our belt to protect ourselves? We will have to worry about even the necessities. Do we grow our own food? Do we have a real private network? Which side will the providers of these things take? We might have hard time to establish just an safe and effective communication network we take for granted (or we think we have) today.

Do I sound like a doomsayer? Perhaps. But if you think that it is a way too bad to think about our situation, let me remind you of another even more devastating fact. We might not even get to talk about "We, the people". The very person next to you might happily stab you in the back to get himself on the other side.

I have no solution and I have not heard of any. But let's remember that there was no solution for pretty much everything before people come up with one. That's exactly why we have to acknowledge the existences of problem. Hopefully, one day, someone would be able to come up with something.

As of now, what I can see is that it is impractical to hope for the bright side of humanity to be sufficient. It is unpleasant to the ears but lets face it. I am afraid we have few choices but to figure out a way to establish mutual fear to keep even the most powerful in check.

Are the existing systems enough? Are the existing laws enough and appropriate? Or are they obsolete?

I humbly suggest, no, I desperately suggest that we have to think about it seriously, now.


6 Sep, 2022
Kybartai Foreigners Registration Centre, Lithuania
